The truth about learning Speak well 1 Language education is
everywhere 2 The key to education lies in speaking well
3 Clear logic unambiguous wording and thoughtful reasoning are the
first components of speaking well 4 Parents should tirelessly explain
things 5 To have clear logic you need to organize
your thoughts deliberately 6 The best education parents can give
their children is reading aloud 7 When reading aloud engage
as many senses as possible 8 Reading aloud enhances the
brain's computational ability and speed 9 It builds endurance for
focused attention 10 Passive reading aloud when parents read to
their children is the most valuable companionship 11 Research shows
that playing audiobooks or recordings for children is ineffective without
visual stimulation 12 Young children fully trust their parents and
can concentrate 13 Before the age of sixteen there should
be a mandatory minimum of one hour of reading aloud
every day 14 Training in summarizing and retelling 15 Parents
can share the good content they've read and ask their
children what they've learned today 16 A simple way to
summarize is to rephrase a sentence 17 Parents and children
often ask Is what you want to say really what
you mean 18 Change perspectives try different approaches and ask
children which method is more effective 19 Speaking well means
1 Effective communication reasoning well and using precise unambiguous language
2 Reading aloud 3 Summarizing and retelling